[DIRT SHIFTING. CRUMBLING]
[WOMAN BREATHING RAPIDLY]
[SOBBING. CRIES OUT]
[PANICKED PANTING]
[WHIMPERING. GASPING]
[CREATURE SCREECHING]
[GROWLING]
[CRIES OUT]
[CREATURE SNARLING]
No! No! No!
[SCREAMING] No!
[RASPY GROWLING]
[GRUNTS]
[CREATURE SCREECHES]
[CREATURE GROWLING.
SCREECHING]
[PANTING]
Yes. [STRAINED GRUNT]
[COUGHING]
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[GRUNTING. GASPING]
[WHIMPERING]
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[WEAKLY] No.
No. no.
Please.
No. I can't die again.
I can't. I can't do it.
[CRYING] Please.
not again. I can't.
No. No. no.
No. No. No. please!
No!
[CLOCK TICKING]
MAN OVER EARPIECE:
It looks like rain.
[REPEATING SENTENCE
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[HUSHED] Um. hey. so...
what's the plan
when we get there?
Like. we gonna do some sort
of ritual or something?
I'm not prepared
for any rituals.
Not your "woo-woo"
kind of ritual.
More like a... like a closing
ceremony thing. you know?
This is the last
stop of our tour.
and even though we've learned
absolutely nothing new...
- [SCOFFS]
- ...we should probably
mark the occasion.
Like a. like a celebration
of our failure kind of thing?
- Yeah. Sure. Whatever.
- Right.
I-I'm not really sure what
we were expecting anyways.
ABE: Closure.
Isn't that usually
what people are after
in these kinds of situations?
CLOVER: We're not
getting closure.
She's missing. Not dead.
No. Yeah. of course.
I was just asking.
Wait. wait. wait. Clover.
please don't delete. Just...
Just watch.
Look. I know I could've handled
our goodbye differently.
I could've handled everything
after Mom's death differently.
I just couldn't stay in
that house any longer.
But it's not too late
for you to join me.
And I know it's not
an easy decision
but. please. call me back.
I miss you.
[SIGHS]
[MAX AND CLOVER SIGH]
Kinda eerie being
here a year later.
Max!
What?
NINA: He's right though.
It is. It's eerie and it's...
it's kind of sad.
Sorry. Clover.
I think we should join hands.
- No.
- Jesus Christ. Megan.
We've done it literally
everywhere else.
It'd feel kind of incomplete
if we didn't do it here.
Clover knows I've got
special shit going on. so...
NINA: Special shit going on?
Your biggest psychic achievement
was when you "sensed"
that your dad was having
an affair with Max's mom
- before anybody else.
- [CHUCKLING]
- I was right.
- NINA: Remember that one. Clover?
I mean. we all sensed it when
we heard them in the garage.
Gross. And that's still my mom.
But. actually. can we.
can we try. please?
She probably disappeared
not long after that
video was recorded
and that's a pretty big deal.
And we all feel it.
So maybe we'll tap into
some of her residual energy.
Yeah. it's fine. Let's-let's...
Let's do the hand thing.
Okay. okay. great. Great. Okay.
- Okay.
- MEGAN: All right.
It's fine.
All right. now.
everyone... [EXHALES]
Close your eyes.
And try to tune everything out.
You have to think of it
like an old radio or TV.
So sometimes you catch a signal.
but most of the time
it's just static.
Keep trying.
Slow your breathing down.
In.
And out. [EXHALES]
And out.
In.
- And out.
- [HORN BLARING]
- NINA: Oh. my God!
- CLOVER: Hey!
- Watch out!
- MAN: Get out of the road!
Slow down!
Jesus Christ.
- What the hell?
- [MEGAN COUGHING]
Okay. um...
Let's-let's try
again. okay? So...
- Clover?
- [BELL TINKLING]
- Clover! Hey!
- Max... Hey. Max.
Just stop. Just give her some
space for a second. okay?
Don't forget why she dumped
you in the first place.
She didn't dump me.
I broke up with her.
[LAUGHING]
Because she wanted space.
which you wouldn't give her.
Since when have you been
the expert on space?
Excuse me? What is
that supposed to mean?
Ever since kindergarten.
you've always needed to
be in a relationship.
- She does? Do you?
- No. I do not.
Six months ago. there
was a guy just like you.
And three months before that.
there was a girl just like you.
- Julia.
- ABE: Julia?
How long have you guys
been together for?
Three months.
- Three months.
- MAX: Hmm.
Hopefully she waits to break
up with you till we get back.
- Max.
- Well. uh. if she doesn't.
do you guys still
have Julia's number?
- [QUIETLY] Fuck off.
- [CHUCKLING]
[MAN WHISTLING TUNE]
[WHISTLING CONTINUES]
- Hey.
- [WHISTLING]
Hey.
[CHUCKLES] Just that.
Two dollars.
Thank you.
Excuse me. I saw you and
your friends out there.
What was that?
Like a prayer circle?
Uh. yeah. something like that.
Huh.
- 'Kay. Thank you.
- Yeah. You bet.
CLOVER: [SIGHS] Um...
Sorry. were-were you
working here last year?
Last year and the
year before that
and the year before that
and the year before that.
and on and on and on.
You know. each
year is the same...
but different.
Totally.
Uh. well. then. can
I ask you something?
Um...
Does she look familiar
to you at all?
Pretty.
She looks a lot like you.
She's gone missing. huh?
I didn't say that.
Well. you're not the
first one who come here
asking me if I seen someone.
I mean. do a lot of people
go missing around here?
Here? No.
But up the ways a bit...
[HUSHED] ...in Glore Valley.
[NORMAL VOICE] That's where
people get in trouble.
Glore Valley?
Yeah.
- MAX: Stop.
- [MEGAN LAUGHING]
- Oh. you're so grumpy today.
- Hey. um. yo.
Can I say something
real quick before Clover
- comes back out here?
- Yeah.
You guys told me this trip
was like a get-out-of-town
kind of thing.
You know. I didn't
realize we were gonna be
retracing her sister's
final journey.
So I just have to say.
- as a psych major...
- As a psych major... [SCOFFS]
- [CHUCKLES]
- Yes. Thank you.
As a psych major.
um. I don't know
if this is the best
thing for Clover.
I think the
intentions were great.
Exactly. And this could be
what she needs to move on.
Or this could trigger her to...
you know. again.
Then why did you come if you
thought it was a bad idea?
Just to spend more
time with Clover?
Because the way we get
through fucked-up shit
is by sticking
together. You know?
So let's not blame each other
for where we're at
right now. okay?
I mean. if we're
gonna blame anybody.
then it should be Melanie.
Their mom had just died.
like. weeks before.
She shouldn't have left
Clover when she did.
That was the
selfish choice here.
- CLOVER: Guys.
- [FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
I think I know where
Mel went missing.
[THUNDER CRASHING]
- Hey. It's okay.
- This is crazy.
The car is the safest place
to be during a storm. okay?
Don't say shit like that. Max.
MAX: It's true. Everyone
knows that it's...
- Max! Don't say shit like that.
- [MAX SIGHS]
Can we just turn around?
I don't understand
what I did wrong.
Because you're
gonna jinx us. okay?
Somebody says
something like that.
and then. wham. Abe
runs into something.
then we're all
fucking dead. okay?
So don't say shit like that.
Abe. can we just
turn around. please?
Not again. I've turned
around two times already.
So turn around again.
We're just gonna
keep turning around.
We're never gonna get anywhere.
- Just stop the car.
- [OVERLAPPING ARGUING]
We can't see out of the window.
I can't even fucking
hear myself think.
NINA: What the hell?
ABE: Holy shit.
- What is going on?
- [THUNDER CRASHING]
- I think I'm gonna be sick.
- Abe.
Yeah.
CLOVER: Megan?
[MEGAN GROANING]
[THUNDER CRASHING]
- Are you guys seeing this?
- [PHONE BEEPS]
NINA: It's all around us.
ABE: There's a name for this
kind of weather anomaly.
- MAX: Really?
- ABE: Yeah.
MAX: What is it?
I don't know. I don't remember.
It's cool. though.
Cool. weird. whatever it
is. we should probably just
get back in the car
and keep going home.
No way. dude. I'm not
driving through that
fucking storm again.
We gotta wait it out.
Or we could just
find another way.
Fuck.
Is anyone getting a signal?
I am.
A bad one.
Great.
Oh. you know what? Waterwall.
What?
I think it's called.
like. yeah. a waterwall.
That sounds made-up as hell.
No. that's-that's
what the song is from.
What?
Maybe there's someone inside
that could tell us where we are.
- We can start making a plan.
- Yeah.
- All right.
- Good idea.
NINA: It's crazy.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
- [KNOCKING]
- NINA: Hello?
- [BELL JINGLING SOFTLY]
- [DOOR CREAKING]
Hello?
ABE: Hello? Anyone here?
NINA: Damn.
Huh.
[PHONE BEEPS]
Feels like we're the first
people here in years.
Yeah. Where is everyone?
[LAUGHS SOFTLY]
Fun.
[FLOORBOARDS CREAKING]
[GROANS SOFTLY]
- [KNOB SQUEAKING]
- [PIPES RATTLING]
[SIGHS]
[PHONE BEEPS]
[CLOCK TICKS]
[RAIN FALLING]
MELANIE: [QUIETLY] Clover?
[THUNDER CRASHING]
Mel?
[THUNDER RUMBLING. CRASHING]
[CLOCK TICKS]
Clover!
- [CLOCK TICKING]
- Clover!
[TICKING CONTINUES]
[TICKING STOPS]
Clover!
- Clover!
- [THUNDER RUMBLING]
- [WIND HOWLING]
Max?
[CROWS CAWING]
[CLOCK TICKING]
[SIGHS]
[GLASS SQUEAKS]
[TICKING STOPS]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
- [GASPS]
- Holy shit.
Clover.
Are you okay?
I thought I saw someone.
[CLOCK TICKING]
O-Okay. let's go inside. Okay?
[TICKING STOPS]
Oh. shit.
"Oh. shit" what?
Look.
Oh. shit!
Guys.
You should see this.
ABE: There's no details on
hers or any of the others.
Like no date of birth.
no height and weight.
no last seen location.
not even a phone number to
contact if you have information.
So. what's the point. then?
[SIGHS]
I found something too.
CLOVER: "Glore Valley."
This-this is it.
This is where Mel went missing.
[SIGHS]
That was her I
heard in the rain.
Wait. what? Look. I-I...
I'm so confused right now.
I heard someone call my name.
and it sounded like Mel.
But I-I didn't wanna
let myself believe that.
And then I come in
here and I see this.
Yeah. but. Clover.
it's weird. right?
I'm telling you it's her. Look.
Holy shit.
MAX: Yeah. I know.
Wait. did-did one of
you guys turn this over?
Max?
No. What does that have
to do with anything?
Because it wasn't
turned over before.
- [THUDDING OUTSIDE]
- Wait.
Do you guys hear that?
- Yeah.
- [THUDDING OUTSIDE]
Where's my car?
MAX: Shit.
[BELL JINGLING]
[ENGINE STARTS]
Is that my fucking car?
[ENGINE REVVING]
Back inside.
Back inside. Go.
- [DOOR CLOSES]
- [LOCK CLICKS]
[ENGINE REVVING]
Is he just gonna sit there?
Better question. are
we just gonna sit here?
Well. what else can we do?
Can we do a phone check again?
Nothing's been working
since we got here. though.
There has to be a phone
around here somewhere.
You wanna look
for one. go ahead.
Not taking my eyes off this guy.
[DOOR CREAKING]
[LIGHT SWITCH CLICKING]
MEGAN: Shit.
[STAIRS CREAKING]
Why are there
windows underground?
You guys. there's a phone.
[DIAL TONE DRONING]
There's a dial tone.
It's okay. It's just somebody
fucking with us probably.
- It's... it's gonna be fine.
- Yeah.
[ROTARY DIAL TURNING]
[LINE BEEPING RAPIDLY]
It's-it's not working.
Unless...
Unless what?
Unless this is what
happened to Melanie
- before she went missing.
- [SIGHS]
[STATIC CRACKLES]
Hello? Can anyone hear me?
- [GARBLED TALKING OVER RADIO]
- [STATIC WARBLING]
MEGAN: Hello?
[STATIC CRACKLING. WARBLING]
ABE: Guys?
I'm gonna just...
I'll check it out. and
I'll be right back.
Okay?
Okay.
[STATIC CRACKLING. WARBLING]
Hello?
Is anyone there?
[STATIC CRACKLING. WARBLING]
NINA: Abe?
Abe?
[FLOORBOARDS CREAKING]
[HUSHED] Abe?
[GASPING]
- [NINA SCREAMING]
- Is that Nina?
What the fuck?
[WHISPERING] I'm gonna
go check it out. okay?
Okay.
[HEAVY FOOTSTEPS]
[CREAKING]
[MAX GASPING]
[HUSHED] Go. go. go. go!
Hide! Go. go. go. go. go!
[HEAVY FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[YELLS]
[PANTING]
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMS]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[BREATH TREMBLING SOFTLY]
- [CLINKS QUIETLY]
- [NECK CLICKS]
[SCREAMING]
[WHIMPERING]
[SCREAMS. GRUNTS]
[GROANING. CRYING]
[MEGAN CRYING]
[SCREAMS]
[GRUNTING]
[WEAKLY] Please.
[THUDDING]
[SCREAMS]
[PANTING]
[WHIMPERING]
[GROANS]
[PANTING]
[GRUNTS]
- [GASPING]
- [TWIG SNAPS]
Mel... [GRUNTS]
[WHEEZES]
[EXHALES]
[GEARS CLICKING]
[GASPS]
[GLASS SQUEAKS]
[GASPING]
[INHALES SHARPLY]
[GROANING]
[CLICKS]
[GASPING]
[MAX PANTING]
Ah. Holy shit.
How am I still alive right now?
You were killed.
I saw it. I...
Well. I died.
- He got you too?
- Yeah.
Wait. What about the others?
Let's go.
- [BELL JINGLING]
- [CLOVER PANTING]
- [DOOR CLOSES]
- [LOCK CLICKS]
Are you guys okay?
- What just happened?
- We don't know.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Megan. Hey.
Wait. where's Abe?
- Abe?
- ABE: I'm back here.
I'm pretty sure
we're fucked. guys.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
Holy shit.
It has ahold of us now.
What... what do you mean. "it"?
I'm not sure.
I just know that I can feel
it. stronger than before...
We need to get the
fuck out of here
while we still have the chance.
No! No! He could
still be out there.
We didn't see anyone out there.
And the Jeep is back now.
Perfect. Let's take it.
We need to go. Right now.
I don't think we can.
You don't know that.
None of us know anything.
Well. I know that you
were fucking murdered
about ten minutes ago.
And I know that
because I saw it!
I saw it right before
I was fucking murdered!
And now I'm here again.
and my name is in that fucking
book again just like Mel's.
but who knows what the
fuck happened to her.
So the night is just
starting over again?
Like in whatever the
fuck that movie's called?
Like. that shit's actually real?
There's been a bunch of
movies about that. but like...
[LIGHT CRACKLING]
[NINA SHUDDERS]
I don't remember that
happening last time.
So it's not like those movies.
Good to know.
[DOOR LATCH CLICKING]
[DOOR CREAKING OPEN]
- That didn't either.
- [DOOR SLAMS SHUT]
Oh. fuck!
[DOOR LATCH CLICKING]
[DOOR CREAKING OPEN]
[SLAMS]
[CREAKING]
[DOOR SLAMS SHUT]
[DOOR LATCH CLICKING]
[CREAKING]
- [LOCK CLICKING]
- [GRUNTING]
- [LATCH CLICKING. CREAKING]
- Abe?
Oh. shit!
[ABE GRUNTING]
Uh. fuck.
[GRUNTING]
[GASPING]
[ABE AND MAX PANTING]
[CLOCK TICKING]
[GROANING]
[MEGAN BREATHING HEAVILY]
Hey. Hey. Megan. Hey. You okay?
Tonight feels different.
MAX: What do you mean?
Worse.
Fuck.
- Okay. okay. Well. um...
- [GRUNTS]
Just so you know...
you know the whole psychic thing
and you getting a
signal or whatever?
Totally believe you now.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
- [BONES CRACKING]
- [CRIES OUT]
- Meg. Megan! Megan!
- MAX: Meg!
- [RASPY GASPING]
- CLOVER AND MAX: Megan! Megan!
- Hey. Meg. Hey.
- [MEGAN CRYING OUT]
- Megan!
- [OVERLAPPING CHATTER]
- [HIGH-PITCHED SCREAMING]
- [OTHERS YELLING]
[SCREAMING CONTINUES]
- [SCREAMING STOPS]
- [MAX MOANS]
NINA: What the
fuck is happening?!
CLOVER: Megan?
- ABE: Whoa.
- CLOVER: Megan?
- ABE: Megan?
- MAX: Where did Megan go?
CLOVER: Megan?
What the fuck?! Where is she?
Where the fuck did she go?
CLOVER: Shh.
Listen.
[MEGAN WHISPERING
FRANTICALLY. INDISTINCTLY]
[FRANTIC WHISPERING CONTINUES]
[INDISTINCT
WHISPERING CONTINUES]
[WHIMPERING]
[WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY]
Meg?
- [BONE CRACKS]
- [GASPS]
WOMAN AND MEGAN:
Is someone there?
[IN UNISON] Hello?
Help! Please! Help me! Help!
MAN AND MEGAN: [IN
UNISON] Who's there?
This town was right to be
damned. We're all sinners here.
[LAUGHING]
WOMAN 2 AND MEGAN:
[GASPS] Make it stop.
I just wanna die. Please.
Please just let me die.
BOY AND MEGAN: Where's my mom?
Mommy?
WOMAN 3: And then
all of a sudden
[IN UNISON] ...she started to
attack me. but it wasn't her.
MAN 2 AND MEGAN: Nobody
is coming for us.
They're just gonna watch
us die over and over again.
WOMAN 4 AND MEGAN:
Has anyone seen Tommy?
WOMAN 5 AND MEGAN: My
hair. My bones. Please.
MAN 3 AND MEGAN: It's
what it's doing to us.
Can it just be over?
MAN 3 AND MEGAN:
What we're becoming.
WOMAN 6 AND MEGAN: I can't
remember my own name.
Please just kill me.
I just want it to end.
- [HIGH-PITCHED SCREAMING]
- [OTHERS YELLING]
Don't let it in!
[BONES CRACK]
- [ALL SCREAMING]
- Wait! I wouldn't touch her.
- Don't touch her!
- Why?!
Because whatever just
possessed her might
possess you next.
That's not how possession works.
People can't get
possessed by contact.
You have to be. like. weak
of faith or something.
Oh. I have faith. I
have a lot of faith.
Do you think it's still here.
whatever g-got her.
whatever did this?
I don't know.
She said something was coming.
[POUNDING ON DOOR]
[WHISPERING] Come on.
[URGENT POUNDING]
ABE: I don't see
anyone out there.
[KNOCKING]
WOMAN: Is anyone in there?
Melanie?
MELANIE: Clover! Oh.
my God. is that you?
- [DOORKNOB RATTLING]
- Let me in.
- Please. Clover.
- Mel.
Hold on. hold on. Wait.
wait. Wait. Hold on. Hold on.
M-Megan just said
don't let it in.
MELANIE: [SOBBING]
Please help me!
- He's gonna kill me!
- Melanie.
- No. wait. [CRYING OUT]
- [BLADE SLICING]
CLOVER: Something's hurting her!
We have to help her.
We can't just stand here.
- MAX: Mel!
- [MELANIE SOBBING]
- [MELANIE GROANING]
- Mel.
Max.
MELANIE: [SCREAMS] Help!
Melanie.
What's that?
That house wasn't there before.
- [SCREAMING]
- Clover!
[GRUNTS]
Clover! [SCREAMS]
CLOVER: Help!
Help! [SCREAMS]
[SCREAMS]
Guys. please. help!
- NINA: Max. Are you okay?
- [CLOVER SCREAMS]
- Clover!
- [BANGING ON DOOR]
[MAX GRUNTING]
No! No! No. no. no.
No. No. No. no. no. No. no. no.
No. no. no!
No. No!
[PANTING]
[GEARS CREAKING. RATTLING]
[CLOCK TICKS]
[SCREAMS]
Fuck! Fuck!
[PANTING]
[LOCK CLICKS]
MAX: Clover!
Wait a minute! Wait.
Just-just hold on. hold on.
What are you doing?
- We need to go help Clover.
- Help her?
Max. she's gone. She just
flew 30 feet in the air.
So we go and get her.
She can't be dead yet.
"Yet." You just said it.
And she might be.
You don't even know.
I think our best move right now
is leaving to go get help like
we originally said we'd do.
Megan said it
won't let us leave.
Megan just said a
lot of things. Max.
Nina.
Come on. you can't be
on board with this.
I mean. we're
clearly dealing with
some really fucked-up
shit here. Max.
Shit that we're not.
like. equipped for.
But the only way we get
through fucked-up shit
is by sticking together.
You said that.
ABE: Oh. yeah. Okay.
You think this is what's
gonna get her to take
you back or what?
Abe!
MAX: If you guys do
make it out of here.
you can both go and
fuck yourselves.
Wait. Max! Wait!
What the fuck?
We're not leaving. Nina.
We're just going to get help.
Why would you say that to him?
Because he's going
to get himself killed
right fuckin' now.
And. honestly. I don't know.
It-it sounded like
something you would say.
Yeah. but when I say
those things to them.
they know that I don't mean it.
Clover. Max. Megan.
they're. like...
they're like the only
consistent people
that I've had in my life ever.
I know. And you wanna
save them. Right?
We can't save them unless
we save ourselves first.
So-so. you think that
we could just drive
out of here? That
it's that easy.
I don't know. But.
you know what.
we won't know if
we don't try. Okay?
What I do know is that if
we just keep sitting here.
something else very bad
is gonna happen to us.
- So we try and get help.
- Yeah.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[PAINED GRUNT]
[GASPS]
[GRUNTING SOFTLY]
[PANTING]
[AIR WHOOSHING SOFTLY]
Hello?
[RASPY FILTERED BREATHING]
[RASPY FILTERED
BREATHING CONTINUES]
Hello?
[RASPY FILTERED
BREATHING CONTINUES]
REPORTER OVER TV: ...from the
mine collapse that tragically
struck the town
just two days ago.
There are still no confirmed
number of casualties
but officials are
fearing the worst.
[REPORTER CONTINUES
INDISTINCTLY]
[RASPY FILTERED
BREATHING CONTINUES]
- [DOOR RATTLING]
- [RASPY BREATHING]
[CLOVER GRUNTING QUIETLY]
[DOORKNOB RATTLING]
[WHEELS SQUEAKING]
[RASPY BREATHING. CHUCKLING]
No.
Please let me out.
- [SQUEAKING]
- Please.
I want out.
WITCH: Only one way out.
You either survive the night
or become a part
of it. [CHUCKLING]
- [DOORKNOB RATTLING]
- Please let me out.
Please let me out.
- [WITCH GRUNTS]
- [CLOVER CRIES OUT]
- [BOTH GRUNTING]
- No.
No. No. No. No!
No! No!
- [MUFFLED SCREAMING]
- WITCH: Suffer.
Suffer like the rest
of this cursed town.
Suffer until hell opens up...
[DEMONIC VOICE] ...and
swallows you too.
[DEMONIC VOICE LAUGHING]
[CRACKLING]
[EXHALES SOFTLY]
[DOOR CREAKING]
[QUIETLY] Fuck.
[WHISPERING] Clover?
[BELL JINGLING]
[PANTING]
[ENGINE STARTS]
Wait. I can't do this. I
can't leave my friends.
- Nina. baby. We have to go.
- No.
- I don't wanna leave my friends.
- No. Nina. no.
What are you doing?
Unlock the door!
We have to go. We're
going to get help.
NINA: Abe. unlock
the... No. Abe!
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
[CREATURE SNARLING]
What is that? What is that?
- What is that?
- I have no idea!
- [SNARLING CONTINUES]
- NINA: Oh. my God.
Go!
[BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]
My door's still locked.
My door is locked!
- [STRAINING]
- [SHARP SPLASH]
[WHIMPERING]
Abe?
[SCREAMS]
[GASPS]
[WHISPERING] Clover.
[CRUNCHING]
[STATIC CRACKLING]
[MUFFLED RHYTHMIC CREAKING]
[WHISPERING] Clover?
[MUFFLED RHYTHMIC
CREAKING CONTINUES]
[RHYTHMIC CREAKING
CONTINUES LOUDER]
[RHYTHMIC CREAKING STOPS]
[DOOR CREAKING]
[RHYTHMIC CREAKING RESUMES]
[JINGLING]
[GRUNTS]
Fucking clowns.
Whoa! Fuck!
Clover?
[SHARP SPLASH]
[DOOR OPENS]
[ENGINE REVVING]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
- [GEARS CLICKING]
- [CLOCK TICKING]
[GASPING SOFTLY]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
- [TICKING STOPS]
- [CLOVER GASPS]
MAX: I guess we died again.
Yeah.
Is this just gonna
keep happening?
I don't know.
[CLOCK TICKING]
[LIQUID GURGLING]
[TICKING STOPS]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
"Survive the night. or
become a part of it."
[SIGHS]
There's no water...
What?
[ABE SIGHS]
Anyone else?
Please.
Okay.
So you're sure
that's what she said
about surviving?
And it was like
a for-real witch?
I-I think it was
a for-real witch.
I mean...
Yeah. I think that's
what she said.
That's like the only
thing I can remember.
Well...
The good news is that I think
this means there's a way out.
What's that?
"Survive the night."
Right? So. maybe if we
can make it until dawn.
then maybe this will be over.
Okay. but what about the rest?
"Or become a part of it."
Yeah. part of the night. right?
It means that if
we don't get out.
we're stuck here forever.
And shit like this and that
will just keep happening.
We're turning into
something else.
You guys get that. right?
Okay. so we'll just
stick it out in here
until the sun comes
up. like Max said.
[COUGHING]
But what about Mel?
She's still stuck
here too somewhere.
If Mel was still stuck.
then she would be here.
And all those
people on that wall.
they would be here.
and they're not. so...
Where are they?
- NINA: Oh. my God.
- [SNEEZES]
NINA: We didn't come here
looking for Mel. okay. Clover?
We came hoping to
find you again.
Like. the old you.
MEGAN: We were hoping this
would help you move on.
[ABE COUGHING]
Help you get back
to. you know. living.
[ABE CONTINUES COUGHING]
- [COUGHING LOUDLY]
- NINA: Abe?
- Are you okay?
- Here. take some.
Abe.
[LIQUID GURGLES]
[SCREAMS. SPITTING]
- Holy fuck!
- [MAX SCREAMS]
[NINA SCREAMING]
- [GLASS SHATTERS]
- [PANICKED GASPING]
NINA: Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
It's in my mouth!
Nina! Stop! The water.
- You saw him drink the water.
- Didn't we all drink the wat...?
[ALL SCREAMING]
CLOVER: Oh. my
God! Oh. my God!
[PANTING]
[WHIMPERING]
- What do we do?
- I don't know.
I-I need a second to
think. That was a lot.
[MEGAN COUGHS]
Meg?
No.
- Megan?
- No. no. no. Please.
Please. No. [COUGHING]
[COUGHING VIOLENTLY]
- Megan.
- [COUGHING]
[MEGAN AND MAX SCREAMING]
[WHIMPERING]
- What do we do. Max?
- I don't know.
[WHIMPERING AND CRYING]
[LIQUID GURGLING]
- [WHIMPERING]
- [LIQUID GURGLING]
[SOBBING]
[GRUNTS]
- [SCREAMS]
- Oh. my God.
[GASPING. WHIMPERING]
I don't know what to do.
[SOBS] Help me.
CLOVER: Megan. What do we do?
- [WHIMPERING]
- MAX: Megan.
Kill me. Max.
What? No!
Please. All of our
friends are dead.
And w... and we
drank the water.
and we're covered in
the same shit they were.
No. we need to start over
and come up with a plan.
Look-look-look. The
sand has almost run out.
It's almost dawn. Okay?
And maybe we'll survive.
We'll come back. Okay? Okay?
It's only been twice so far.
And you saw the other
signatures in the book.
Everyone else has way more.
We'll come back.
We need to try and save them.
Please...
Please do it. Please
hurry. Max. hurry.
[MAX GRUNTING]
I can't! I can't.
Max. no.
I can't. I'm sorry.
[SIGHS]
[MAN WHISTLING TUNE]
You?
You almost made it.
Almost!
But not quite.
You don't survive by
sitting still. Miss Clover.
What?
- [GEARS CLICKING]
- [CLOCK TICKING]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[TICKING FADES]
[GASPS]
Is anyone else
growing new teeth?
Wait. how many are
we supposed to have?
I don't know. but
it's an even number.
Guys. clearly it doesn't
work to just wait it out.
I mean. there has to be
something here to help
us come up with a plan.
[GASPS]
Holy fuck. This is the guy.
This is... Yeah. this is the
guy from the gas station. Look!
- What?
- He's Dr. Alan Hill.
He's-he's. like. somehow
connected to this place.
Why? What's so
special about it?
Twenty years ago there
was a mining disaster.
Happened right here
in Glore Valley.
"Working with outside engineers.
"investigators confirmed
the destruction
"was caused by boring
too deep into the earth
"and too far under the town.
"resulting in the death
of over 1.100 people.
"Dr. Alan Hill. a
trauma specialist.
"was brought in to work
with the survivors."
The whole town got. like.
swallowed up by the earth.
That's why there's
no other houses here.
And that's why there's
windows down here.
This whole floor used
to be above ground.
That means that's
the front door.
Guys. who gives a shit?
I feel like we really need
to just be getting
weapons right now.
Okay. but I think we need more
than just weapons
of brute force.
Like what. Max?
[DOOR LATCH CLICKING]
[DOORS CREAKING]
[SCREECHING IN DISTANCE]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
No. thank you.
I think we need the
Bible as a weapon.
Yeah. dude. not against
a masked maniac. though.
But we're not just up
against that psycho.
Every single night something
new is trying to kill us.
Yeah. but why?
Think about it.
If it was the same thing
over and over again.
you'd become less
scared over time.
But what's more terrifying than
not knowing what comes next.
Whoever.
whatever.
is doing this...
it wants to keep us afraid.
Yeah. well. it's working.
[RUSTLING]
I think I found something.
I don't think that's
gonna help us. A VHS tape?
Knowledge is power.
[MAN AND WOMAN GRUNTING
AND MOANING OVER TV]
Great. that's
exactly what we need
- right now.
- ABE: Wow.
Uh. sorry. sorry. sorry.
Very powerful. Max. Thank you.
Just give me a second.
I have another one.
Do you want us to leave
you alone for a second?
- Just shut up. Abe.
- All right. all right.
[CLICKING]
[SQUEAKING OVER TV]
[WOMAN SCREAMING OVER TV]
MAN OVER TV: Help!
- [STATIC CRACKLING]
- [MAN SOBBING]
[FOOTSTEPS CREAKING]
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[PANTING]
Please. [WHIMPERING]
What are you doing to me?
Why do I keep coming back?
[WHIMPERING]
Why do you have these
things that keep killing me?
[SOBBING] Who are you?!
What do you want from me?! Huh?
[TOOTH SNAPS]
HILL: The patient
showed signs of
starvation and muscle atrophy.
MAN: What's happening to me?
HILL: But most importantly.
intense fear. anxiety.
feelings of hopelessness
and utter despair.
Fortunately for my experiments.
the trauma of the mining
disaster still lingers.
affecting both
survivors and visitors.
[STATIC CRACKLES]
HILL: The longer he
was trapped here.
the more desperate and
afraid he became...
and also the more monstrous.
- [BONES CRACKING]
- [MAN CRYING OUT]
Help! God. please!
HILL: Eleven nights.
That's the most in my
experiments so far.
[GRUNTING GRUFFLY]
HILL: Soon. those emotions
began to affect his body
in more interesting ways...
[SNARLING]
...transforming into
a creature known
as the Wendigo.
It is no coincidence
that in psychology.
the Wendigo represents
extreme hunger.
extreme want.
[SNARLING]
[SCREECHING]
That's what's happening to us.
That's what we're becoming.
[QUIETLY] Yeah.
[RADIO CLICKING]
HILL OVER RADIO: Now
you're getting it.
- [SWITCH CLICKS]
- Let us out.
Let us out!
HILL: Oh. there's a way out.
but not without a price.
- Ask him how.
- Abe!
How?
HILL: Someone
always has to die.
Four of you can leave.
but one has to die.
No.
Nice try. asshole.
Wait. hold on. I think we should
at least just hear him out.
Why? Are you willing to
sacrifice yourself for us?
No.
We can't trust this guy.
Which means our only real shot
of getting out of here
is getting some answers.
and the one with
the answers is Hill.
He's here somewhere.
I can feel it.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
How is this supposed to help us?
The whole town was destroyed.
He could be anywhere.
No. Not "anywhere."
He's there.
Was there. And Nina just said
none of this even
exists anymore.
So we just need to try
to get him out of hiding.
[SWITCH CLICKS]
I wanna see you. Face-to-face.
Clover. what are you doing?
He's the key to all of this.
HILL: That can be arranged.
But just you. Clover.
Not your friends.
- No.
- Clover. no.
This is a trap. just like
everything else here.
Actually. I think it's
a pretty good idea.
Abe. just shut
the fuck up. okay?
It's only night four. Clover.
- you're gonna have more chances.
- We don't know that.
All the other signatures in
the book go way past that.
Guys. Abe is right.
- This is our chance.
- No. Don't listen to him.
HILL: I'm out in the woods.
I'm here with your sister.
[GASPING]
I might just let you see her.
- Clo.
- There you go. Yeah.
- Clover. come on.
- No.
I have to try.
- MAX: No. no. no. Clover!
- Let her go!
- NINA: Back off!
- Let her go. let her go!
- What is wrong with you?
- What? Hey!
Hey! Nina!
You fucking prick!
What?! I didn't think she
was gonna actually do it.
Yes. you did. You knew she would
and you took advantage.
Fucking coward!
Look. Megan. we
need to find Clover
before something
permanent happens.
- To do what?
- MAX: We're gonna go
- and find her.
- And if she's dead already.
we're gonna kill each
other and start over again.
Sounds like a plan.
Abe first.
Wait-Wait! Just wait. hold on.
Say we start over.
What then?
We just keep running away
until we run out of chances?
Are you fucking serious?
I don't wanna live
knowing that I'm alive
because someone else is dead!
- Because Clover is dead!
- But look at us!
How many more deaths do
you have in you? Be honest.
I mean. didn't she try and
kill herself twice last year?
Isn't this just giving
her what she wa...?
- [SHARP SQUISH]
- [GRUNTS]
[ABE GROANING]
[GASPING]
What the fuck. Nina?!
You guys go find Clover.
Otherwise it'll be two people
we have to leave behind.
Let's go.
[SHARP EXHALE]
[BREATHING RAPIDLY]
You better hope they find her.
I'm here!
You-you have me.
[GROANS]
[GRUNTS]
[WHIMPERING. PANTING]
[CRIES OUT] No.
[GRUNTING. WHIMPERING]
[LOW SNARLING]
Oh. no.
No. please. please. please.
Please! Sh... Please.
No. no. No!
Please! Please! Please! Please!
Please! [GASPS]
No! Wait. wait!
[SHOUTING] Oh. my God.
[LOW SNARLING]
[CLOVER SCREAMING]
[SCREAMING ECHOES. FADES]
[LABORED BREATHING]
You need to try
and survive. Nina.
I will.
Just not this time.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
I'm scared of dying. Nina.
Like. really dying.
Me too.
But living without my
friends scares me even more.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Him first.
What?
[SHARP STAB]
MAX: [HUSHED] Clover!
MEGAN: [HUSHED] Clo.
MAX: Holy shit.
MAX: [HUSHED] Clover?
MEGAN: Clover!
MAX: Clover!
[CREATURE SNARLING IN DISTANCE]
- [RUSTLING]
- MAX: [WHISPERING] Over there.
[DRIPPING]
The hell?
- [SCREECHING]
- MAX: [SCREAMS] Run!
[PANTING]
[GRUNTS]
Max! Max!
[GLASS CRACKLING]
[CRACKLING]
It'll break if I move.
Okay. okay. Just
give me your hand.
[CRACKLING]
Okay. okay. I got you. I'm
gonna pull on three. Okay?
Okay.
One. two. three.
- [MAX GRUNTING]
- [SNARLING]
[SCREAMING]
[MEGAN SCREAMING]
Meg!
[CREATURE SNARLING]
[STRAINING]
[GRUNTING]
[CHAIN RATTLING]
[WHIMPERS]
[CRIES OUT]
[CRYING]
MAX: Clover! Clover!
Max!
You're here.
I got you. I got
you. Okay. Ready?
Okay.
- [STRAINING]
- [SCREAMS]
I'm sorry. Aw. fuck.
[RUSTLING]
Max. Max. Max.
MAX: Is that Melanie?
[SNARLING]
[SCREAMING]
[SCREECHING]
[MAX YELLING]
[CLOVER WHIMPERING]
- Come on. Come on.
- Melanie! No. no!
[SCREECHING CONTINUES]
[PANTING]
MAX: I got you. I got you.
[GRUNTING]
[PAINED GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
CLOVER: [SOBS] Melanie!
[LIQUID DRIPPING]
I fucked up. Max.
What?
- I fucked up.
- No.
- Yes. Yes. Yes.
- No. no. no.
Yeah.
Why did you come for me?
You all could have escaped.
No. No. no. no. We'll have more
chances to get out of this.
Okay? Together.
I'm not leaving you behind.
When we die. like...
for real...
you think we get the
chance to do it all again?
I hope not.
Why?
Just means more somehow
when you know you
only have one shot.
[SOFTLY] Yeah.
- [LOW GROWLING]
- [RUSTLING]
Are the others still alive?
Um. I-I'm not sure
about Abe and Nina.
What about Megan?
Uh...
What are you doing? I just said
I don't know about Abe and Nina.
But we know that Megan is dead.
That's enough for me
to try and start again.
[MAX SIGHING]
This next one might be our last.
But I think we can
all survive. Max.
So let's get started
by dying first.
I know. I know. It's okay.
- [BREATH TREMBLING]
- Yeah.
[GASPING]
Thank you.
[MAX CRYING SOFTLY]
[LOW SNARLING]
[GROWLING. SNARLING]
[PANTING]
- Hey!
- [SCREECHING]
Fuck y...!
[RAIN FALLING]
CLOVER: Uh. um... [STAMMERING]
Just one second. Mel.
Mel. Mel.
Wait. hey. You should take this.
No. Clover.
CLOVER: It was Mom's.
You should take it.
No. You keep it.
Um. well. do you wanna wait
out the storm at least?
I just wanna get going.
It's a long way to
New York. [CHUCKLES]
But then it's just me.
Yeah.
I mean. I've asked you to come
with me how many times now?
Let's just leave.
I told you that I can't.
You can't sit still for
the rest of your life. Clo.
It's not living.
At least I'm not running away.
You think that's what
I'm doing. running away?
I'm actually running
towards something.
Towards what?
School. A new city. A new life.
I love you.
But I can't just sit here
and waste away becoming
something I'd hate.
[SCOFFS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Mel.
Mel. wait!
[ROARING]
[GASPING. WHIMPERING]
Hey. Hey. Hey. hey. hey. Hey.
I-I had to drag you in here.
I thought we lost you.
[GRUNTS]
Hey.
Is there. uh.
Is there something on my back?
- You look fine. Mm-hmm.
- ABE: Are you sure?
It feels like there's
something back there.
How long have we been here?
I don't know. Uh. three
or four nights. I think.
ABE: Five. actually.
It's been five.
No. not five.
- Thirteen.
- What?
It's been 13 nights.
Go check the book.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[EXHALES]
Yeah. nobody has more than 13.
Tonight might be
our last chance.
[FERRIS WHEEL
CREAKING IN DISTANCE]
I don't remember
any of these things.
Yeah. me neither.
We didn't do what we said. Max.
The next one wasn't the last and
neither was the one after that.
or the one after that.
Wait.
Where's Megan?
NINA: Shit. Megan.
She's not in there.
Maybe something already
happened to her?
Or it got to her first.
What? What got to her?
The night.
Survive the night or
become a part of it.
There's nothing that
says it would happen
to all of us at the same time.
Because there's nothing
that says anything. Abe.
I know. but different
people could have
a different number of chances.
like it's random.
You could be right.
Okay. Okay. great. So
then what do we do. huh?
Megan is just... She's gone?
Fuck. Why can't we
remember anything?
CLOVER: Why didn't we
write anything down?
NINA: Would it have mattered?
It'd be gone once the
night starts over anyway.
Your signature isn't.
NINA: But that's
all that's in there.
Didn't I record something?
Holy shit. Guys. come here.
Look.
There's so much stuff.
What?
Okay. All right.
NINA OVER VIDEO: Don't
worry. We'll get it.
Okay. [PANTING]
ABE: Just don't move.
- I'm gonna grab it.
-  CLOVER: Okay.
- Oh. my God.
- NINA: Abe? Abe. be careful.
- Please get it.
- NINA: Abe?
- [OTHERS EXCLAIMING]
- What?
Is it... is it gone?
- Is it gone?
- Uh...
Yeah. It's gone.
Did it fall off?
[SIGHS]
[OTHERS EXCLAIMING]
- MAX: What the fuck?!
- What?
- NINA: Holy shit.
- Is it still on my face?
MAX: Uh. uh. um...
NINA: It's fine. it's fine.
MEGAN: Clover. it's
okay. it's okay.
Is-Is it still on my face?!
- NINA: Oh. my God.
- [ABE GROANS]
MAX: [QUIETLY] Okay.
- [DOORKNOB RATTLING]
- Fuck. It's locked.
NINA: Fuck.
What's that?
ABE: What the fuck?
What the fuck is that?
NINA: Is that a person?
ABE: Holy shit. holy shit.
- What the fuck?!
- [OTHERS SCREAMING]
ABE: Max. Man. we
should turn back.
[MACHINERY HUMMING QUIETLY]
- Look at all this shit.
- [HISSING]
There's fucking
blood on the walls.
MAX: [WHISPERING]
Just be quiet. Abe.
ABE: What the hell?
- [SCREECHING]
- Max!
- [SCREAMING] Max! Max!
- NINA: Abe!
- Die! Die! Die!
- [SCREAMING]
Max! [SCREAMING]
Die! Die!
[GRUNTING]
Why won't you fucking die?!
- [AIR RAID SIREN WAILING]
- ABE: Oh. shit. What the fuck?
NINA: What is that?
- ABE: What the fuck is that?
- What is that?!
- Nina!
- What the fuck?! No!
- What is that?!
Abe! What is that?!
ABE: Holy shit!
[SCREAMING]
[HILL WHISTLING TUNE]
[WHISTLING CONTINUES]
[WHISTLING STOPS]
[WHISTLING RESUMES]
[DOOR CLOSES ON VIDEO]
[RUSTLING ON VIDEO]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[WHISPERING] I'm
gonna follow him
and see if I can find out
anything that will help us.
I have to try.
[DOOR CREAKING OPEN]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[AIR RAID SIREN
WAILING IN DISTANCE]
MAX: Fuck.
NINA: Oh. my God.
They're coming.
Fuck. They're all coming.
We need to run.
All we've been doing
is running away.
So let's start running
towards something.
ABE: What do you mean?
I'm going into that tunnel.
Clover. We don't even
know what's over there.
You realize this could
be our last night.
Good.
It means more when you
only have one shot.
I'm sorry I got you into this.
You're all here because of me.
Melanie was my family.
but you're my family too.
So I'm gonna save
Megan. kill Hill
and then get us the
fuck out of here.
I'm-I'm done with death.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
NINA: Clover.
We stick together.
[NINA GROANS]
NINA: [GROANS] Oh. fuck.
CLOVER: Come on.
NINA: Oh. my God.
NINA: Whoa.
ABE: Holy shit.
MAX: This place is huge.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
ABE: [WHISPERING]
Hey. careful.
[CREAKING]
CLOVER: [WHISPERING]
Watch your step.
Come on.
[LOW GROWLING]
[GASPING]
[WHISPERING] Is that...?
Shh...
[HISSING]
Don't move.
[SNARLS]
[HISSING]
- [SCREECHING]
- [SCREAMING]
[SNARLING. CHOMPING]
[SCREAMING]
[SCREECHING]
MAX: Go. go. go!
MAX AND ABE: Go! Go. go. go!
[SCREECHING]
MAX: Nina! Nina!
- Go! Come on!
- Go. go. go!
Come on. guys!
[PANTING]
[SNARLING]
[SCREECHING]
[PANTING]
[SNARLING. SCREECHING]
MAX: Go. go. go! Go!
ABE: Guys. right here.
right here! Right here!
- Go! Go. go!
- [SCREECHING]
[GRUNTING]
- [BANGING]
- MAX: Wait! Wait! Wait!
- Huh?
Oh. fuck.
[SCREAMING]
- Max. Max. Max!
- Go! We'll find another way!
CLOVER: Max. no!
MAX: Go! Go find Megan!
Go! We'll make it out of here.
- Hey. asshole!
- [CLANKS]
Oh. fuck.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GRUNTS. SIGHS]
[GRUNTING]
[SIGHS]
[RUSTLING]
- [SNARLING]
- [SCREAMING]
[SCREECHING]
[GRUNTS. GROANING]
[SNARLING]
[SCREECHING]
Please don't do this. Mel.
It's m... It's me. It's me.
- [SNARLING]
- [SIGHS]
[GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
I love you. Mel.
But I'm getting the fuck
out of this hellhole.
NINA: Max!
[YELLING]
[ABE PANTING]
[GRUNTING]
MAX: Fuck.
[ALL GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
Fuck you. asshole. Die!
[LAUGHING]
- [CLATTERING]
- [DISTANT SCREECHING]
Aw. fuck.
[CLOCK TICKING]
[LIGHT BUZZING]
[RUSTLING]
[SNARLING]
[SCURRYING]
[LOW SNARLING]
[SNARLING]
[GROWLING]
[SNIFFS]
[SNARLING]
[SCURRYING]
[CLOVER GASPING]
[FLIES BUZZING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[CREAKING]
[LIQUID DRIPPING]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
MEGAN: [IN DISTANCE] Help!
- Megan!
- Help!
- Clover!
Watch out!
[SNARLING]
[MEGAN WHIMPERING]
Megan. I'm gonna find a way
out of here. I'm
gonna get a key. okay?
Hurry!
[PANTING]
- [LIQUID DRIPPING]
- [CLOCK TICKING]
[DOOR SLAMS SHUT]
[LOCK CLICKS]
You have been an
intriguing patient. Clover.
[SLURPS]
Far more interesting
than the rest.
Severe depression.
two failed suicide attempts.
extreme anxiety...
You've lost control. Clover.
And that's evident by every
monster you've encountered here.
You see. they each represent
a unique manifestation
of your psyche.
What are you talking about?
Being chased by a
masked psycho is common.
Everyone feels
powerless in some way.
And the witch is. of course. a
personification of repression.
Now. the spontaneous
combustion...
Very rare. Clover. [CHUCKLING]
I think it's a nod
to your more
self-destructive tendencies.
- Fuck you.
- [SLURPS]
I am getting my
friends out of here.
Well. you're the only
one who can. Clover.
This place...
is drawing on your
insecurities and your fears.
I'm sorry. are you telling me
that this was all in my head?
Is none. is none of this real?
Of course it's real.
But you are the engine
that makes it run.
just like Melanie
and all the others
made it run. run. run. run.
[RASPY INHALE]
[HILL CRIES OUT]
[ABE YELLING]
[SNARLING]
Help! Help!
HILL: You hear that. Clover?
Your friends are all
about to die again.
Tick. tick. tick...
Why? Why are you doing this?
Why?
Because this is what I study.
Fear is my trade.
People with trauma.
like yourself. Clover...
And places with trauma.
like Glore Valley...
When I put the two
of them together...
ah...
trauma becomes terror...
and sparks...
ignite.
[INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
Help! Shit. guys.
I'm fucking stuck!
[SCREAMING]
And it creates...
the perfect...
horror.
[LAUGHING]
[INHALES]
[SLURPS]
[SCREECHING]
Fuck. they're coming!
Please help! Please!
[SCREECHING]
But to make this
truly effective
like I've said before.
someone always has to die.
They're fucking coming! Hurry!
- [SCREAMING]
- [SNARLING]
[LIQUID GURGLING]
[GURGLING CONTINUES]
Yeah.
But this time...
it's you.
- [YELLING]
- [GRUNTING]
[GASPS]
- [YELLING]
- [ROCKS FALLING]
[COUGHING]
[TICKING]
- [SNARLING]
- [WHIMPERING]
MEGAN: [WHIMPERING] Clover!
Hurry!
- [WHIMPERING]
- [SNARLING]
[WHIMPERING]
Go.
Go. go. go.
- [STRAINING]
- [SNARLING]
- [BANGING]
- [GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
[TICKING]
- [SCREECHING]
- [PANTING]
[SNARLING]
[SCREECHING]
The ladder.
Come on!
[TICKING]
[GASPS] There's a way up!
Come on. get up.
[GRUNTING]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRUNTS]
[STRAINING. SCREAMS]
[GASPING]
- [WHIMPERING]
- [SCREECHING]
Clover! [SCREAMS]
No! No! [SCREAMING]
- [SCREAMING. GRUNTING]
- [SNARLING]
[GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
MAX: Clover!
- [YELLING]
- We got you. we got you.
[ALL GRUNTING]
Megan!
[GRUNTING]
[GASPING]
[TICKING]
[TICKING STOPS]
[CREATURES SCREECHING
IN DISTANCE]
What's happening?
[SCREECHING STOPS]
Look. Look. The sky.
[SERENE MUSIC PLAYING]
[LAUGHING QUIETLY]
[MEGAN AND NINA SIGHING]
[SIGHS]
We did it.
It's over.
- [CAR HORN BLARES]
- NINA: Jesus!
You guys planning on staying
another night. or what?
[GRUNTING. GROANING]
[MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING]
[LIQUID DRIPPING]
[STATIC CRACKLING]
[VEHICLE APPROACHING]
[HILL WHISTLING TUNE]
[WHISTLING FADES]
[SONG PLAYING] ♪We can live ♪
♪ another life. another life ♪
♪ Another life
till the morning ♪
♪ We can live that ♪
♪ other life. other life ♪
♪ Other life till the morning ♪
♪ I just wanna lose myself ♪
♪ Spend the night
as someone else ♪
♪ We can live another ♪
♪ life. another life ♪
♪ Another life
till the morning ♪
[WHISTLING IN SONG]
♪ Waiting ♪
♪ On a tidal wave ♪
♪ I wanna wash up on ♪
♪ a beach somewhere ♪
♪ And bury my head in the ♪
♪ sand as the sun goes down ♪
♪ Can't we just pretend ♪
♪ like it's the weekend? ♪
♪ You and I. summer nights ♪
♪ Never ending till they do ♪
♪ And I just wanna
lose my mind ♪
♪ I just wanna lose my mind ♪
♪ One more time ♪
♪ We can live another life ♪
♪ - Another life
- Another life ♪
♪ Another life
till the morning ♪
♪ We can live that other life ♪
♪ - Other life - Other life ♪
♪ Other life till the morning ♪
♪ I just wanna lose myself ♪
♪ Spend the night
as someone else ♪
♪ We can live another life ♪
♪ - Another life
- Another life ♪
♪ Another life
till the morning ♪
[WHISTLING IN SONG]
♪ I've been too many ♪
♪ rounds with the clock now ♪
♪ Punch in. duck out ♪
♪ Please make it stop somehow ♪
♪ If I only knew how ♪
♪ Can't we just pretend ♪
♪ Like it's the weekend? ♪
♪ You and I. summer nights ♪
♪ Never ending till they do ♪
♪ And I just wanna
lose my mind ♪
♪ I just wanna lose my mind ♪
♪ One more time ♪
[SONG FADES]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC ENDS]